I went translate
here is our finished work bath
four and a half to 5 before the bath
made shop brochures but give harmful
stove visa hope lined and laid
here washing
also from the window with the window also done
folder
Eat here dealing plate white shelves and you
already kitty
damn it is already dark in the evening can not see here
here are made to sleep
special for personal beams sealed
people you see so that the partition could
calmly sit there left a place
box for luck lacy near
bricks
everything is done according to the technology as they say
here we are
We take orders and we will
build well there is not
syrup is obtained without an intermediary here
such things well, show the whole war completely
adapale cornices
Brunson roof two fronts netrebko seen
i can see louis sawed down in the end she
beautiful and collapse
all right
I pause